# Universal_fluctuations
Code accompanying paper currently in revision.


#### general comments

Some of the python notebooks are large and it is recommended to navigate them using a table of contents (either via jupyter-lab or using nbextensions in the python notebooks)

Original datasets are found in the references cited in the paper.

## description of code files


*figures.ipynb* contains the code required to make all of the figures in the manuscript. It often uses processed data files generated by preceding scripts and notebooks.

*shared_analysis_functions.py* implements a number of helper functions used throughout the code base.

*Combined analysis.ipynb* contains code implementing a many of the analyses of the three systems together and generates some of the files used by the figures notebook


The folder *scripts_for_remote_machine* contains a number of python scripts that implements certain calculations to run on a remote machine that would  otherwise have taken too long on a local machine.


*BCI_analysis.ipynb*, *temporal_NAICS_data.ipynb*, *microbiome_data_analysis.ipynb*, *wrangling_and_analysis_of_single_year_data.ipynb, and  *BLS_data_wrangling.ipynb*, are notebooks implementing initial analysis of individual systems separately. Note that this also includes analysis of CBP (county business patterns) employment data set which was replaced by the BLS employment data set since it had greater resolution. 


There is a also *cities.yml* file which details my local conda environment to support reproducibility. Note that this environment also contains packages that are no longer necessary for the project.
